README.md, before:

# Cohire Coding Challenge (Frontend)

### Introduction 
Welcome! This coding challenge is designed to explore your frontend skills. You will have to create a simple SPA based off the provided mockup and make a few API calls to a public web API.

### The challenge
Create a search page that allows searching for movies as keywords are typed into the search bar. The results should be displayed in a visually appealing manner. The search page should follow your interpretation of cohire's branding, and you can use this [mockup] for reference, but please do not follow it. 

Movie data can be queried via: 
- [theMovieDB]

### Submission guide
Please fork this repo and drop your contact person a note once you are done

### Technology
At Cohire we predominantly use React for our frontend, and hence you are highly encouraged to use that for this challenge as well. 

### How we review
- **Design**: Were you able to translate the mockup into a web application that works well on various browsers and devices?
- **UI**: For the parts that were not covered under the mockup, were you able to create design those parts such in a way that was aesthetically pleasing and in-line with the general design?
- **Code quality**: Is the code easy to understand and maintain? Is the coding style consistent with the language's best practices? Do you demonstrate a good grasp of JavaScript, especially ES6?
- **Performance**: Does the UI render quickly? Are the choice of libraries etc appropriate for the web page?

### Bonus points
- **Documentation** - Is the README well written? Are the commit messages clear?
- **Automated Tests** - Are there any automated frontend tests?
- **Production-readiness** - Is there proper error handling? Is the code ready to to put into production?
- **Future-readiness** - Web workers? PWA? Client-side caching?

[mockup]: <https://invis.io/H7D7QQOTA>
[theMovieDB]: <https://www.themoviedb.org/documentation/api>

Commit message:

update readme with new mockup

README.md, after:

# Cohire Coding Challenge (Frontend)

### Introduction 
Welcome! This coding challenge is designed to explore your frontend skills. You will have to create a simple SPA based off the provided mockup and make a few API calls to a public web API.

### The challenge
Create a search page that looks like this [mockup]. Within the zip file, you will also find image resources that you can utilize. 

The search page should enable to user to search for movies as keywords are typed into the search bar. On top of that, the categories on the right should allow for filtering of movies according to category.

Movie data can be queried via: 
- [theMovieDB]

### Submission guide
Please fork this repo and drop your contact person a note once you are done

### Technology
At Cohire we predominantly use React for our frontend. React is encouraged, but not compulsory. Usage of other frameworks or even no frameworks will not be frowned upon in any way. 

### How we review
- **Design**: Were you able to translate the mockup into a web application that works well on various browsers and devices?
- **Code quality**: Is the code easy to understand and maintain? Is the coding style consistent with the language's best practices? Do you demonstrate a good grasp of JavaScript, especially ES6?
- **Performance**: Does the UI render quickly? Are the choice of libraries etc appropriate for the web page?

### Bonus points
- **Documentation** - Is the README well written? Are the commit messages clear?
- **Automated Tests** - Are there any automated frontend tests?
- **Production-readiness** - Is there proper error handling? Is the code ready to to put into production?
- **Future-readiness** - Web workers? PWA? Client-side caching?

[mockup]: <https://drive.google.com/open?id=1SMvxNQYf-LHdBhKkIun94erDeCmNcs3u>
[theMovieDB]: <https://www.themoviedb.org/documentation/api>
